Adds warning regarding Full Access level users (#4120)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/console/adminui/access-management.mdx

1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console and open AWS Amplify.
2. In the navigation pane, choose **Amplify Studio settings**.
3. On the **Amplify Studio settings** page, in the **Access control settings** section, choose **Add team members**.
4. For **Email**, enter the email address of the team member to invite.
5. For **Access level**, choose the level of access to grant the team member.
  * **Full access** allows the team member to create and manage AWS resources.
  * **Manage only** access allows the team member to edit app content and users.
6. To email the invitation, choose **Send invite**. The team member receives an email with temporary credentials and a link to access the project in Studio.

<Callout warning>

>   Granting a user the <b>Full Access</b> level attaches the <b>AdministratorAccess-Amplify</b> policy. This policy is not scoped to a single application and grants the user access to all applications within the Account. See <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amplify/latest/userguide/security-iam-awsmanpol.html">here</a> for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  Granting a user the **Full Access** level attaches the **AdministratorAccess-Amplify** IAM policy. This IAM policy is not scoped to a single application and grants the user access to all applications within the AWS account. See [AWS managed policies for AWS Amplify](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amplify/latest/userguide/security-iam-awsmanpol.html) for more details.

```
